the big shower even you look fantastic
it's good to see you and you just have a
birthday recently did I just turned 60
years old
does it sound weird it just it's like
when you're a kid you here are a certain
age and you have an image of what that
is hm 41 supination and we just all keep
lying ourselves right but then you have
this I think it's really all about how
we feel and yeah you know people want to
throw a party say no no no but they do
yeah and they do it anyway but you
didn't look great and I think now I just
I just want to reflect back on some of
your work because we should just take a
look at some of the wonderful the body
of work
man we start putting clothes on you this
is something I learned today which I
didn't know I you you got first of all
you lived in a trailer whether the
trailer or like your car my car would
come into Hollywood I I didn't know what
do you think about Hollywood I just do
that you gotta had to kind of hang out
the place you think they're gonna work
and I would drive in from Orange County
and I would go up here to the Brian
sunset right by the phone booth I had a
little camper shell and I I didn't know
anybody so I slept there and I kind of
waited for the ain't my thing I
knew one person in Hollywood and I would
call them once a week so as to not
bother them so you know if you think
about it graduating University and then
there I'm in a fetal position a car
waiting to call on Wednesday that's
because I thought I should call in the
middle wait that's not hello my voice
phone call but it's hard to know how to
get started you know I think everybody
has that particular problem in enacting
it is how do you get started yeah and so
did that Omar how did you get your
Fresno well you know he I actually
didn't get my first dog I had to go into
stage acting army stage I was a stage
manager so I I thought you know I was a
smart enough to be a bartender I
couldn't make change I never liked when
they give you a dollar plus eight cents
negative numbers was hard for me so you
know I thought well I'll take out trash
that's what I'll do as long as it's
movie trash and so that's how much that
was a stage manager really like well the
rollers the production do you remember
the shows that were or where they just
it was kind of reload stuff what was
commercials but I you know and I just I
was just really happy you know you know
always when you're trying to find your
direction you know when I was like I
just make it $3.50 my friends or
graduate at university they were all
like makin and remember when they said
40 K 60 K company car I was thinking
a month from now and I'm really excited
that's all that matters it totally did
because when I found my way there was
also no guarantee I mean even though we
know what we love it's just no guarantee
anybody can ever pay anything to do it
and then look at you now and then your
first role was what my first role as a
fat with night shift
you know Michael Mike okay that was an
extra thank you yes yeah so big show and
Big Show was really yeah that's me three
twenty two or twenty thirty I'm not sure
how old I am actually it happened for me
I think I'm about 26 27 I've never I
scream really loud right at that point
and I remember Michael kind of jerk
because he was the main after he was
being paid a lot of money and he turned
and looked at me and said when we do
this again would you do that again so I
was like yeah thanks I saw him the other
night you know when he's a war didn't
you remember that was here first no I
never I've never brought it up to him
that's amazing that you worked at
McCammon yeah we've seen each other yeah
and it's funny I'm working as an actor I
mean I was over in London I say Ronny
Howard now we'll talk about things but
just little small beginnings yeah and
then they built this little I mean
that's the thing you shouldn't be
ashamed to take anything because its
foot in the door and it leads you to
yeah you call home anytime somebody
finish your the first time you call home
cuz your dad is really interesting yeah
there's getting you off the dole my my
parents my dad came out of the family
came out of the Dust Bowl in Oklahoma
and so they saw a depression in their
life and my dad had one job his whole
life and he and he said to me said Kevin
just don't let anybody outwork you don't
ever let anybody outwork you and they
don't think that's kind of like
hard-boiled advice for my father wasn't
what you call artistic advice but it's
just that if you and another man outwork
you'll never take your job and that's a
whole mentality that came out of lying
down
one day when you said I want to be an
actor I mean did he say don't you want
to do sales yeah I think they knew what
they did I think they finally saw that I
wasn't I wasn't good to school I love
telling stories and anybody that just
said go with God just I think the most
distressing thing for a parent is when
they don't know how to help you you know
all dads want to help their sons moms
even when they don't know exactly your
parents well they don't know she's going
to stand up whatever you could food and
you get what it's like what a parent can
help a child I think that's probably the
roughest one of the roughest places yeah
but it builds character is the best
thing really well we have to talk about
the movie but we take a break and we'll
talk about black and white which is a
great message there interesting story
great message we'll be back